h1. Linux Command-line setup for Juniper SSL VPN


h2. Setup

System libraries that need to be installed:
<pre>
apt-get install gcc-multilib
</pre>

There are a few Ruby gems that will need to be installed to make the Rake tasks work:

<pre>
gem install rake
gem install httpclient
gem install selenium-webdriver
gem install highline
</pre>

h3. Steps

# Visit the VPN site with a browser the normal way. Since you are most likely using a 64bit OS it won't work, but it does download the required files to $HOME/.juniper_networks
#* Take note of the title pages for:
#** the site where you enter your credentials.
#** the site after you are logged in.
# You can now logout of the VPN site
# Make the binary that we will use to automate the login
#* _rake makebin_
# Create the config file using the title pages you took note of in step 1. There is a config.yml.example you can look at if you want to hand create this file.
#* _rake makeconfig_
# Done :D


h2. Config File

Some configuration needs to be loaded in order for the Rake tasks to work.  You need to create a config.yml file in the same directory as your Rakefile.  You can also run the Rake task 'makeconfig' if you want to be prompted for the answers and have the config file created for you.

Here is an example config.yml file:
<pre>
- - -
:ivehost: mypvnhost.example.org
:title_page1: MySite VPN Portal
:title_page2: Secure Access SSL VPN - Home
</pre>


h2. Running the VPN Client


h3. Connect

<pre>
rake vpn_connect
</pre>

*Note:* _You won't actually see an applet window like you do when you login with the browser on a 32bit client. There should however be a process running called "ncui"_


h3. Disconnect

<pre>
rake vpn_disconnect
</pre>
